If this is all
just a nightmare...
Sure wish my alarm
would ring.
And I def
won't push snooze!
People are getting
zapped again!
Yes-- and these blasts
are the worst ones yet.
Bohman is using
his Neuron Link
so he can absorb
everyone's energy
in order to power his duel.
We need to shut
this system down now.
(Ai)
It's another Data Storm!
And that means more people
in LINK VRAINS
are having to suffer
because of Bohman.
It's time to elevate my Skill
to a whole new level!
Master Storm Access!
Now watch as I acquire
a new monster
the likes of which
you've never seen!
(fainting)
So Bohman uses people's
brain waves to power its duel.
But what we don't know is how
it's doing it--
that's what we gotta
figure out.
Yeah, and I am just the person
to figure it out, too.
No worries,
I've got this.
Confident words.
Think you can back them up?
Absolutely-- 50% sure.
I activate CHIMERA HYDRADRIVE
DRAGRID's ability!
I use one of its HYDRADRIVE
Counters to roll a die.
Now go Judgment Dice!
By returning my CHIMERA
HYDRADRIVE DRAGRID
to my Extra Deck, I can summon
a CHIMERA HYDRADRIVE DRAGHEAD
that has the same Attribute
as the one that I roll.
And it's Water!
So I summon HYDRADRIVE
DRAGHEAD AQUA!
(Ai)
Aqua...?
(Bohman)
Yes-- I'm using the Water
Ignis's power
to its full potential--
something even she could not do!
(roaring)
My AQUA's special ability
activates!
Any monster that
AQUA isn't linked to
loses its special
abilities.
Not good.
(Ai)
Our QUANTUM DRAGON's
abilities are kaput!
Wait, this means Playmaker
can't attack!
(growling)
And if he can't attack,
then he can't win!
I'll place this facedown.
Your turn.
When your turn ends,
DRAGHEAD-AQUA
returns to my
Extra Deck...
and resummons
CHIMERA HYDRADRIVE DRAGRID
back to my field.
And DRAGRID regains
its HYDRADRIVE Counter.
I knew you were going to summon
QUANTUM DRAGON all along,
so I had
a counterstrategy ready.
Yeah, right!
'Cause psychic powers is one of
your new abilities too?
No, because when I absorb
those human minds
with my Neuron Link,
I also absorb their thoughts.
No way!
It's quite helpful
that you're so popular.
For you see, humans know that
if they want to be the best,
they have to beat the best.
And there is no one better
than you, Playmaker.
So they analyzed your moves
to devise strategies,
counterstrategies
to defeat you.
I've studied all of
Playmaker's duels!
I memorized his deck!
I'm training to duel him!
If he summons DECODE TALKER,
I bet I can play this spell...
How do I counter that trap?
One single individual can't
think of every move
you would make,
but together they can.
I see-- since you were
able to gather
all of their knowledge
by stealing it,
you think you're able
to predict my every move.
(Bohman)
I don't think it,
I know it.
Isn't it funny that
those who most admire you
will end up being
your downfall?
As they make me stronger,
they make your duel weaker.
And there is no end to
how much stronger I can get.
(Ai)
Uh-uh! You can't get any
stronger after you soak up
every person in LINK VRAINS
and there's no one left
to power you up--
not that that's what I want...
But that's just it, Ai,
I won't run out.
Because more and more
are logging into
LINK VRAINS as we speak.
They are?
You're pulling on my electrodes.
It's true-- humans have
an emotional glitch
that is known as
"fear of missing out."
A mysterious glitch has
prevented millions of duelists
from logging out of
LINK VRAINS.
And we're receiving reports
that players in the real world
have fallen unconscious.
As rumors spread of a possible
attack into LINK VRAINS,
SOL Technologies has so far
been unavailable for comment.
Chief, I got bad news,
duelists are logging into LINK
VRAINS at ridiculous rates!
(Zaizen)
Wha--!? No... Not now...
(Hayami)
Sorry sir, but they're
curious to find out
what's going on
in there.
And they will--
the hard way, I'm afraid.
(male avatar 1)
Whoa! Check it out!
(male avatar 2)
Wow! Look!
It's a siesta fest!
Awesome!
Uh...
I wouldn't say awesome...
Yeah, they look like
they're sleeping,
but who sleeps
with their eyes open?
Guys, I'm kinda getting
creeped out here...
Why are they logging in?
Don't they know the know?
(screaming)
Let's log outta here!
No! It's not working!
Ah!
This is never gonna end.
Mommy! Get me outta here,
pretty please!
They're like moths
flying towards a flame--
they just can't
help themselves.
When Bohman took over
the system,
it made sure people could
log in but not log out,
trapping more and more to
exploit in its one-way street.
(Ghost Gal)
More and more duelists
are still logging in.
Meaning Bohman will get
even more powerful
if we don't shut
this system down!
The supply I can draw from
is never ending.
And I'll do so again!
It's my turn!
And with it, I use...
My Skill again!
And the next monster
I draw from the Data Storm
will be the last, Playmaker!
For it will be the one
to finish you.
Just gotta keep runnin'.
Can't get zapped by lightning
if ya run faster than light--
I use more humans to activate
Master Storm Access!
We have to stop Bohman
before more people
get hurt because of him.
Yeah, but how?
It's not even our turn!
(Zaizen)
According to these logs,
Bohman's targeting
user accounts,
but not admin
accounts like mine.
So that means we're safe
from being deleted.
Until he changes his mind
and starts targeting
the admin accounts.
(Zaizen)
I was going to say
"safe for now."
For now, for later-- it's all
going to be the same in the end
if we're not able
to shut down the system.
(Genome)
I figured out how
the Neuron Link works.
The key to it is
the super-positioning
of LINK VRAINS with Mirror
LINK VRAINS.
You could've just said
the two LINK VRAINS
are stacked on top
of each other.
That's true,
I could've,
but I wanted to sound
intellectual like you.
This perfect overlap is what
stabilizes the Neuron Link--
allowing Bohman to draw
energy from our world.
Then if we separate
the two LINK VRAINS,
wouldn't that destabilize
the Neuron Link?
Yes, I believe it would.
How do we split
the two LINK brains apart?
(Genome)
Your guess is as good
as mine.
Playmaker, I know
all your strategies
and how to stop them.
I know how to exploit
your weaknesses.
I know everything!
And I know-- and you know--
that you cannot win this duel.
(Ai)
And according to
the villain handbook,
this is where you
tell us to surrender
because we can't win.
No, Ai, I would never,
because I know I'd
just be wasting my breath
because I know you
won't surrender...
even if it's
the right call.
As I said,
I know everything.
Besides, I would
never disrespect you
by uttering those words.
Because I respect you,
Playmaker.
Without you, I would
not be who I am today.
As my most formidable foe,
you forced me to improve.
You forced me to hone
and polish my skills
to become a better duelist.
And through all that
trial and tribulation,
I have achieved
perfection.
And that is why,
when I defeat you
and absorb your data into me,
I do so with gratitude.
Well, you can take
your gratitude and flush it!
I know you're only
lashing out
because you're
scared, Ai.
But there's nothing
to fear.
Once you're part of me,
your current existence
will be gone.
Doesn't that
sound wonderful?
How is that wonderful?
Oh, but it is, because if
you don't exist,
then your memories
will be gone as well.
I will never
let that happen.
Of course you will try,
I know you will fight me
to the very end to prevent
that from happening,
because that is the person
you are, and of all things,
that is what I find myself
respecting the most about you.
Um, thank you, I guess?
Let's get back to the duel.
I activate my
DRAGRID's ability!
First I will roll
an Attribute.
And the Attribute is...
Fire!
This means I can summon CHIMERA
HYDRADRIVE DRAGHEAD-FLAME!
(roaring)
(Ai)
Flame?
Why can't he just
leave us Ignis alone?
This duel is over.
Because I play
FLAME's ability!
It destroys all monsters
that it's not linked with.
Meaning your QUANTUM DRAGON
is destroyed.
Playmaker won't have
anything left to defend with!
So he'll be wide open
to his next attack!
Oh, no!
It's really over!
It's really, really over!
FLAME!
Destroy his DRAGON!
(Bohman)
It's the beginning of the end
for you, Playmaker!
I wouldn't be so certain
about that.
By banishing CYBERSE SYNCHRON
from my graveyard,
it prevents my CYBERSE QUANTUM
DRAGON from being destroyed!
Impressive.
Very impressive.
But though you and your monster
will survive this turn,
DRAGHEAD-FLAME's attack
will still deal you
a significant
amount of damage.
With that, I end my turn.
Phew-- that was close!
When my turn is over...
DRAGHEAD-FLAME returns
to my Extra Deck
and transforms back into
CHIMERA HYDRADRIVE DRAGRID.
This triggers
DRAGRID's ability,
allowing it to regain
a HYDRADRIVE Counter.
(Klarissa)
How do we split the two
LINK VRAINS apart?
What is it?
Did you find something?
Maybe, maybe not.
According to my
calculations,
it will require more energy
than we can generate
to break the two
LINK VRAINS apart
because their overlap
is pixel perfect.
That's not surprising.
Bohman's Neuron Link requires
a crystal clear connection
to work at optimal efficiency.
Any offset--
even a pixel--
would degrade the signal.
Yes-- but to maintain
such a perfect overlap
requires significant
energy from Bohman.
So if Bohman
has to spend its energy
and focus
on something else,
it may not have enough energy
to maintain the overlap.
Giving us the
perfect opportunity
to split the two
LINK VRAINS apart.
But when would it
need to use
such significant energy
for something else?
When it uses its Skill
to create the Data Storm,
that will be our
moment to strike.
But we must be precise
because that Skill only
lasts for a moment.
Sounds like
a perfect plan to me!
Yes, but I'm still
worried
because this plan of ours
depends on a lot of ifs.
"If" Bohman choses
to use its Skill again,
and "if" that will divert
enough energy from the overlap
to weaken it enough
for us to break it.
I would feel
a lot more confident
if we weren't
the only ones trying
to break the connection.
Then today's
your lucky day.
I know someone who can help.
Seriously--
Zaizen and Ghost Gal?!
What on earth
makes you think
that they'd ever consider
working with us?
Because they
don't have a choice.
This should be interesting.
(beeping)
Huh?
Ghost Gal. Zaizen.
Come in.
I repeat, come in.
Uh, Ghost Gal here.
Who's this?
This is Faust of
the Knights of Hanoi.
The Hanoi?
What do the Hanoi
want with us?
I believe we can help
each other for a common cause.
I'm so close,
so close to creating
a perfect world
of my own design.
I have used my superior
intellect to calculate
what would make
the ideal world
by fixing
what does not work
and improving on what does
to build a utopia.
A utopia built
by using humans!
You say that like
it's a bad thing.
As I said before,
sacrificing you is not the same
as the end of
your existence.
Because you will all
continue to live on, inside me.
And give me the opportunity
to fix your flaws.
Because humans are
far from perfect.
Why, just looking at
your world is proof enough.
Wars, inequality, poverty,
pollution, crimes--
none of these
problems would exist
if humans just made
the right choices.
But you do not, and that
is what I-- and only I-- can,
and will, fix, and when
I say fix you humans,
I aim to fix you as well,
Playmaker.
There's no need for that.
But there is.
Remember, I know
the struggles you've had
since the Lost Incident.
But I can fix that--
by erasing your memories.
Wouldn't it be wonderful
to be free of the memories
that haunt you, Playmaker?
You don't have to relive
the Lost Incident ever again.
You don't have to
relive those lonely days.
You will be... free.
That's where
you're wrong, Bohman.
I don't want to be free
of those memories,
because as painful
as those times were,
those memories
make me who I am.
If it hadn't been
for the Lost Incident,
I wouldn't have met someone
who would stick by me
through thick and thin,
even when I didn't think
I wanted him to.
And he led me to others--
those who would
become my allies--
and even become
my friends.
Why would I ever want
to forget that?
This world may not
be perfect,
but that doesn't mean it needs
to be destroyed and rebuilt.
Because we can
all work together
to fix the parts
that are broken.
And I am living proof.
What you are saying,
sounds oh, so very nice--
but it's a fairy tale
and it can never happen.
There's nothing wrong
with fairy tales, Bohman--
and just because
it's a fairy tale to you
doesn't mean it's not
a true tale for me.
And we will
prove it to you...
by winning this duel!
So you think you can
sever Bohman's Neuron Link
by pulling LINK VRAINS
and Mirror LINK VRAINS apart?
Yes, but only with
your help.
We need to simultaneously
attack the system
from both inside
and outside LINK VRAINS
at the precise moment
when Bohman uses its Skill.
Uses its Skill?
That's super precise.
Yes, it won't be easy,
but it's the only way.
Unbelievable.
The Hanoi actually expects me
to work with them,
after all they did?
Oh, lighten up, Akira.
It's not like
they're asking us
to spend quality time
together.
They just want our help
in stopping a common foe.
'Cause we all lost someone
in this battle.
But, hey, running LINK VRAINS
is your baby, not mine.
So in the end, it's your
decision to decide.
Tell the Hanoi
that the plan is a go.
It's the right call.
And I have just the right tool
to get this job done.
What is that?
Oh it's just a little something
I've been working on...
And it should be a real
"blast" for Bohman.
Zaizen's in. We may only
get one chance at this,
but at least we're
giving it our best chance.
And let's hope it works,
because if it doesn't,
it's game over.
Ready, Ai?
Though Bohman may have
the lead right now,
this duel's far
from being over.
It's my turn-- ha!
I summon CLOCK WYVERN!
And when CLOCK WYVERN
is successfully summoned
to my field, I can cut its
attack points in half
to summon a CLOCK TOKEN.
And I'll use it
to create my circuit
by setting it
in the Link Arrow!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 LINK SPIDER!
LINK SPIDER's
special ability
allows me to summon
a monster next to its link!
I summon PROTRON
in defense mode!
And I'll follow that up
by setting two Cyberse monsters
in the Link Arrows
to create my circuit again!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 CLOCK SPARTOI!
In addition, when CLOCK SPARTOI
is Link Summoned,
its special ability activates,
allowing me
to draw CYNET FUSION
from my deck!
Then I'll create
my circuit for a third time!
I set my PROTRON
in the Link Arrow!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 LINKURIBOH!
Link Summon as many
monsters as you please.
Those little monsters
have absolutely no chance
against my CHIMERA
HYDRADRIVE DRAGRID.
Oh, yeah? Well you have
no chance of being invited
to our victory party,
even if you bring a cake!
Well, you can bring it,
but ya can't stay!
Or how about,
I activate CLOCK SPARTOI's
special ability instead!
It lets me re-summon
a Cyberse from my graveyard!
So welcome back
CLOCK WYVERN!
Then I activate
this card--
the spell
CYNET FUSION!
It lets me fuse
CLOCK WYVERN...
LINKURIBOH...
and CLOCK SPARTOI
together into one!
Ah, a Fusion Monster.
That's right!
(Playmaker)
By fusing my monsters,
I merge them into a new,
even more powerful
creation!
I Fusion Summon!
Rise up!
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON!
We're back
in business!
Oh? But your monster has fewer
attack points than mine.
Oh!
But that's only temporary.
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON's
ability activates!
Since the monsters
I used to summon it
had three Link Arrows
in total,
by discarding three cards
from my deck
to the graveyard,
my DRAGON gains
1000 attack points per card.
Three cards equals
3000 attack points
and that adds up to
a whole lot of trouble!
5500 attack points.
(Ai)
Yep, which means
it's now
stronger than
your DRAGRID.
You said you prepared
for everything,
but it seems you didn't
prepare for this!